SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Unless you and Broadcom Corporation (Broadcom) execute a separate written
software license agreement governing use of the accompanying software, this
software is licensed to you under the terms of this Software License Agreement
(Agreement).  

ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE CONSTITUTES YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

1.	DEFINITIONS.

1.1.	Broadcom Product means any of the proprietary integrated circuit
product(s) sold by Broadcom with which the Software was designed to be used, or
their successors.

1.2.	Licensee means you or if you are accepting on behalf of an entity then
the entity and its affiliates exercising rights under, and complying with all
of the terms of this Agreement.

1.3.	Software shall mean that software made available by Broadcom to Licensee
in binary code form with this Agreement.

2.	LICENSE GRANT; OWNERSHIP

2.1.	License Grants.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Broadcom hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
royalty-free license (i) to use and integrate the Software in conjunction with
any other software; and (ii) to reproduce and distribute the Software complete,
unmodified and only for use with a Broadcom Product.

2.2.	Restriction on Modification.  If and to the extent that the Software is
designed to be compliant with any published communications standard (including,
without limitation, DOCSIS, HomePNA, IEEE, and ITU standards), Licensee may not
make any modifications to the Software that would cause the Software or the
accompanying Broadcom Products to be incompatible with such standard.  

2.3.	Restriction on Distribution.  Licensee shall only distribute the Software
(a) under the terms of this Agreement and a copy of this Agreement accompanies
such distribution, and (b) agrees to defend and indemnify Broadcom and its
licensors from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts
and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any
claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from the use
or distribution of any and all Software by the Licensee except as contemplated
herein. 

2.4.	Proprietary Notices.  Licensee shall not remove, efface or obscure any
copyright or trademark notices from the Software.  Licensee shall include
reproductions of the Broadcom copyright notice with each copy of the Software,
except where such Software is embedded in a manner not readily accessible to
the end user.  Licensee acknowledges that any symbols, trademarks, tradenames,
and service marks adopted by Broadcom to identify the Software belong to
Broadcom and that Licensee shall have no rights therein.

2.5.	Ownership.  Broadcom shall retain all right, title and interest,
including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Software.  Licensee
hereby covenants that it will not assert any claim that the Software created by
or for Broadcom infringe any intellectual property right owned or controlled by
Licensee.

2.6.	No Other Rights Granted; Restrictions.  Apart from the license rights
expressly set forth in this Agreement, Broadcom does not grant and Licensee
does not receive any ownership right, title or interest nor any security
interest or other interest in any intellectual property rights relating to the
Software, nor in any copy of any part of the foregoing.  Licensee shall not (i)
use, license, sell or otherwise distribute the Software except as provided in
this Agreement, (ii) attempt to reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any
portion of the Software; or (iii) use the Software or other material in
violation of any applicable law or regulation, including but not limited to any
regulatory agency, such as FCC, rules.

3.	NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT

3.1.	No Warranty. THE SOFTWARE IS OFFERED AS IS, AND BROADCOM GRANTS AND
LICENSEE RECEIVES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY STATUTE,
COMMUNICATION OR CONDUCT WITH LICENSEE, OR OTHERWISE.  BROADCOM SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC
PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT CONCERNING THE SOFTWARE OR ANY UPGRADES TO OR
DOCUMENTATION FOR THE SOFTWARE.  WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE ABOVE, BROADCOM
GRANTS NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE IS ERROR-FREE OR WILL OPERATE WITHOUT
INTERRUPTION, AND GRANTS NO WARRANTY REGARDING ITS USE OR THE RESULTS THEREFROM
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY.

3.2.	No Support.  Nothing in this agreement shall obligate Broadcom to provide
any support for the Software. Broadcom may, but shall be under no obligation
to, correct any defects in the Software and/or provide updates to licensees of
the Software.  Licensee shall make reasonable efforts to promptly report to
Broadcom any defects it finds in the Software, as an aid to creating improved
revisions of the Software.

3.3.	Dangerous Applications.  The Software is not designed, intended, or
certified for use in components of systems intended for the operation of
weapons, weapons systems, nuclear installations, means of mass transportation,
aviation, life-support computers or equipment (including resuscitation
equipment and surgical implants), pollution control, hazardous substances
management, or for any other dangerous application in which the failure of the
Software could create a situation where personal injury or death may occur.

